You bargain
You're upside down.
No matter what you say, I'm also your biological mother.
Let me kneel for you
Are you not afraid of lightning strikes?
you
They were a bunch of country bumpkins.
Making us apologize to them is a dream
I have lifted it up
You should get on your knees and apologize
So what if you can lift 600 kilos?
I am your mother
You chased after your mother so hard, do you still have humanity?
You?
You bitch
You didn't recognize Zhao Ruolan as your daughter just now
Why is Zhao Ruolan kidnapped by morality now?
You are as shameless as a little day
backtrack
Don't admit it
It smells like a nest of snakes and mice
You are today if Ruolan didn't lift it up
This 600 kilograms of ten years
Would you let go of Zhao Ruolan in a mother-daughter match?
Zhao Daming, don't worry about your daughter?
He did nothing wrong.
I'm with him.
Sun Beifeng is willing to admit defeat
Hurry up and keep your promise
I won't keep my promise
What can you do to me?